Now, I ask you to presentate the prototype.
This is it.
It's it's it's yellow. And, this is rubber. And and and this too. And the rest is hard plastic. We had a new idea that that this can can be turned inside. And then it covers the these buttons. And then you can still use the the power button and the mute and the the joystick. So, you can still operate all the things. Because you don't always use the menu.
And the buttons?
And everything is blue, except the power button. yeah, and the mute and the the other button.
And the joystick is for the volume and the channels.
Up is channel up. Down is channel down. To the right is volume up. To the left is volume down.
Okay, so if joystick and LCD. What's the RR
RR's the the the the the company logo.
That's on the rub rubber part.
So, what they say on the side is put fashion there. So, that's it. That's prototype. Now, the finance.
Do we change the the order? Or are we going to ev evaluate it first?
Yes. We have to evaluate the product yet.
We gonna do the evaluation now, together. I have thinked a few evaluation criterias,. based on our marketing strategy, on the latest trends, on user preferences. we have a seven point scale from true, as well. To false, seven? And on base of each criteria, we need to give a rating. well we have the Word document. what this just an example. So, this not very important. But, if I can get a number in here. so you have to think of it as the remote control is techno technologically innovative. and then we have to agree on the rating together. And in the end, we will count an average of all rating. Yeah, I think it's, well technologically using, it's not it doesn't contain many new features. I think I will give it a yeah, yeah, yeah, a four.
I think the scroll-button is something also new. I think technologically I'll give it an seven.
So now i I think you see it its statement. And you true or false.
Oh, true or false. Oh, I'll I'll give it a a two.
It's a one. The first item. this product is for all sorts of customers. Well, it's a statement which I disagree with, because we really aim at at young market. and I think the way it looked totally in yellow, it's not really aimed for all customers. That's a six.
So I think it's four.
I mean it still has large buttons and not many buttons.
Maybe version three point has other colours.
We put the fashion in electronics.
Yeah, well do we do this with this product? I think if we do this, as it's it's really orientates on the design. so I would give it a two.
Me too a two, because only the battery is not techin technologically high standard.
I say a five. It's not fashion, it's new.
Then make it th three.
The next element is the product looks good. Well personally, I do not prefer a remote control that's fully in yellow. So, I would give this a five.
I give it a one.
Well, I say three.
The next statement. It has not too much buttons. I I have said is not because a low number is better. Well, if we go to this fashion, I We still have caused a lot of buttons for the numbers. So, I would give this a two.
Me too. One. It does not get lost easily.
Yeah, did we implement the sound?
No, we did not. So, but can it get lost if it's such a thing? I don't think so.
It won't get between the pillows on the couch.
Okay, well we aimed for the younger market. yeah, did we achieve that. I think with the way it looks and it is designed, I will give it a two.
There's a fancy look-and-feel.
That that was, yeah, one of the most important things that Trendwatch said. Well, let's also give this a two.
I gave this a one because of the rubber. Yeah, very fancy trendy.
It's a a bit personal. If it's fancy. So I think two is better.
It goes with the latest trends.
No, it's new.
If we looked at the latest trends for the younger people, and they ate fruit and vegetables,. well it has a a nice colour, well compared to food. We did not paint any fruit and vegetable on it for something like that. We'll go for a three.
I go for two because the the shapes are still round. But the the colours are basic, like yellow, red, blue. Something what also younger people want.
So, come back to the presentation now. So, we find yourself there,. and now we have to calculate an average rating.
Effort is three, ten and twelve. Thirty, forty, fifty,. So, it's two and three nine two and one third.
So, that's a pretty low rating, I think.
So, it's good.
So, according to our own evaluation we did a good job.
So, now we have a product. But, is it cheap enough? We have a battery.
Cheapest there is.
Electronics. Advanced chip. it's the most advanced. We have the simple, regular and advanced. We have the adva advanced. We have double curved. we have half rubber, half plastic. So, we have the LCD. We have two scroll-wheels? Or one? And it's not really a s. Now, button supplement. The buttons are regular colour. It's too expensive. So, we have to change something. well when we lose one scroll-wheel, it's okay. 'Cause we can't lose the battery. We can't lose the advanced chip. We can't lose the double curve. We have rubber, special colour.
I don't think it's a very special colour. Yellow?, is it a special colour?
For a remote control, I think it is. If we would have normal buttons instead of the joystick. For up down left right.
Then we lose two Euros. Then we have thirteen Euros. Half a Euro too much. Exactly the special colours.
Just only plastic or only rubber? One Euro discount.
I think we have to keep the LCD.
And if you say it's just a normal colour. Normal colour, and the the joystick away,
But if you lose the joystick, it's still an advanced chip? Or it's then a regular?
The advanced chip was for the LCD
If we lose the LCD, then we have an regular chip and no LCD. Then you'll have to see the menu on the television.
And then we move the the colour.
No joystick. Push-buttons. No special colour. And you cannot use the red and green button.
So, all the buttons has to have to be the same colour.
What's the normal colour? Now, project eva evaluation.
Process. Went good. I think the creativity was good enough. Yeah, you were the project project manager, and had the final vote. New ideas found.
I I espe I especially liked the the means,. the the SMARTboard
Yeah, I think you have to compare it to if you would have a normal normal project without laptops and without these devices. Well, the laptops if you have them out front of you, you sometimes looking at that instead of the presentation. well the draw-board, well you can draw things. But it not really going very convenient. maybe it will be easier if you have a smaller monitor. and the project. Yeah, I agree on what was said mainly. yeah but you always have that some people are talking more than others. And maybe is then the task of the the project manager to also ask more to the people less talking.
I think it was good. Not too many discussions. So, it's good for the speed. So, I think we're ready.